#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
astroid==2.3.3
    # via pylint
attrs==21.2.0
    # via pytest
boto==2.42.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
boto3==1.18.12
    # via -r requirements/base.in
botocore==1.21.12
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via diff-cover
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
diff-cover==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise-data
    #   edx-rbac
    #   rest-condition
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-countries==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-dynamic-fixture==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via edx-enterprise-data
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via
    #   edx-enterprise-data
    #   edx-rbac
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-storages==1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   rest-condition
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-jwt==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-ccx-keys==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-release-util==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise-data
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-enterprise-data
    #   edx-rbac
edx-enterprise-data==2.2.18
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-opaque-keys==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise-data
edx-rbac==1.5.0
    # via edx-enterprise-data
edx-rest-api-client==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-enterprise-data
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
future==0.18.2
    # via pyjwkest
idna==3.2
    # via requests
inflect==5.3.0
    # via jinja2-pluralize
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
isort==4.3.21
    # via pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   coreschema
    #   diff-cover
    #   jinja2-pluralize
jinja2-pluralize==0.3.0
    # via diff-cover
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.3
    # via astroid
markdown==2.6.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
newrelic==6.6.0.162
    # via edx-django-utils
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
ordered-set==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
packaging==21.0
    # via pytest
pbr==5.6.0
    # via stevedore
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
psutil==5.8.0
    # via edx-django-utils
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.10.1
    # via pyjwkest
pydocstyle==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pygments==2.9.0
    # via diff-cover
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pylint==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
pymongo==3.12.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via edx-django-release-util
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-enterprise-data
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   responses
    #   slumber
responses==0.13.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
rest-condition==1.0.3
    # via edx-drf-extensions
rules==3.0
    # via edx-enterprise-data
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via boto3
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.17.3
    # via django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   django-dynamic-fixture
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   responses
slumber==0.7.1
    # via edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via pydocstyle
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
tqdm==4.62.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via coreapi
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   botocore
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   responses
wrapt==1.11.2
    # via astroid
